READMe.md, before:

# Programming VTuber Logos
I share these logo so people can use it noncommercially

> [!IMPORTANT]
> # THESE ARE NOT OFFICIAL LOGOS

> [!IMPORTANT]
> # PLEASE CHECK IF SOMEONE ELSE HAS ASKED FOR THE SAME LOGO BEFORE ASKING FOR IT

# Similar Projects
- [Fun logos](https://github.com/G2-Games/fun-logos) by @G2-Games
- [ProgrammingVTuberLogos Addon](https://github.com/PetricaT/ProgrammingVTuberLogos-Addon) by @PetricaT
- [ProgrammingVTuberLogos Korean Edition](https://github.com/lDMDiamondl/ProgrammingVTuberLogosKR/) by @lDMDiamondl
- [ProgrammingVTuberLogos for Visual Studio](https://github.com/hvpexe/ProgrammingVTuberLogos-VisualStudio/) by [Manhkbrady on Behance](https://www.behance.net/Manhkbrady) (repo by @hvpexe)
- [sawaratsuki1004's transparent logos](https://onedrive.live.com/?id=4B3290FB3CEB441A!9144&resid=4B3290FB3CEB441A!9144&ithint=folder&authkey=!ADkelorAY-HPbS4&cid=4b3290fb3ceb441a) by [sawaratsuki1004 on Twitter](https://twitter.com/sawaratsuki1004) ([Twitter post](https://twitter.com/sawaratsuki1004/status/1782079506083381657))

# FAQs

## WHEN WILL IT BE MY QUEUE??!!?!?!?@!?@?!@!?@
It will take at least a week with the current queue or even longer. I will get to it when I get to it.

## How do I know things are being kept track?
Check out the [Kanban board](https://github.com/users/Aikoyori/projects/1/views/1) for the project

## Why is the READMe capitalised like it does?
My mistake and I am too lazy to change it soooo

## What can I do with these
Refer to the licence section

## I wanna print it!
Feel free to print it for yourselves or share it to others ***FOR FREE***

## I saw someone selling it on a T-shirt. Should I buy them?
No!
> [!CAUTION]
> Be aware that there are bots on Twitter doing these automatically.

## Some of these aren't even programming related!
Skill issue lol I make what I wanna make

## I want logo of ○○○○!
File an issue and I will reply back if I want to make it.

## How do I get included in the list below
File an issue and wait.

# Licence
Stated below otherwise follow CC BY-NC-SA 4.0
Basically
- Do whatever noncommercial
- Modify it and share it under the same licence
- Credit Me
- Don't sell shit with this stuff on it without asking me
- Feel free to print YOUR OWN STICKERS AND NOT SELL IT
- Feel free to swap in the logos into programs
- I may grant permission to people for these to be used in commercial projects on a case by case basis

Commit message:

feat: add a logo collection website for previewing

READMe.md, after:

![image](https://github.com/Aikoyori/ProgrammingVTuberLogos/assets/49976407/6c90fbbe-e897-4965-9652-7cc2050b6379)# Programming VTuber Logos
I share these logo so people can use it noncommercially

> [!IMPORTANT]
> # THESE ARE NOT OFFICIAL LOGOS

> [!IMPORTANT]
> # PLEASE CHECK IF SOMEONE ELSE HAS ASKED FOR THE SAME LOGO BEFORE ASKING FOR IT

# Similar Projects

- [Fun logos](https://github.com/G2-Games/fun-logos) by @G2-Games
- [ProgrammingVTuberLogos Addon](https://github.com/PetricaT/ProgrammingVTuberLogos-Addon) by @PetricaT
- [ProgrammingVTuberLogos Korean Edition](https://github.com/lDMDiamondl/ProgrammingVTuberLogosKR/) by @lDMDiamondl
- [ProgrammingVTuberLogos for Visual Studio](https://github.com/hvpexe/ProgrammingVTuberLogos-VisualStudio/) by [Manhkbrady on Behance](https://www.behance.net/Manhkbrady) (repo by @hvpexe)
- [sawaratsuki1004's transparent logos](https://onedrive.live.com/?id=4B3290FB3CEB441A!9144&resid=4B3290FB3CEB441A!9144&ithint=folder&authkey=!ADkelorAY-HPbS4&cid=4b3290fb3ceb441a) by [sawaratsuki1004 on Twitter](https://twitter.com/sawaratsuki1004) ([Twitter post](https://twitter.com/sawaratsuki1004/status/1782079506083381657))

You can view the collection of some logos (still updating) via [vtuber-style-logos.vercel.app](https://vtuber-style-logos.vercel.app/).

# FAQs

## WHEN WILL IT BE MY QUEUE??!!?!?!?@!?@?!@!?@
It will take at least a week with the current queue or even longer. I will get to it when I get to it.

## How do I know things are being kept track?
Check out the [Kanban board](https://github.com/users/Aikoyori/projects/1/views/1) for the project

## Why is the READMe capitalised like it does?
My mistake and I am too lazy to change it soooo

## What can I do with these
Refer to the licence section

## I wanna print it!
Feel free to print it for yourselves or share it to others ***FOR FREE***

## I saw someone selling it on a T-shirt. Should I buy them?
No!
> [!CAUTION]
> Be aware that there are bots on Twitter doing these automatically.

## Some of these aren't even programming related!
Skill issue lol I make what I wanna make

## I want logo of ○○○○!
File an issue and I will reply back if I want to make it.

## How do I get included in the list below
File an issue and wait.

# Licence
Stated below otherwise follow CC BY-NC-SA 4.0
Basically
- Do whatever noncommercial
- Modify it and share it under the same licence
- Credit Me
- Don't sell shit with this stuff on it without asking me
- Feel free to print YOUR OWN STICKERS AND NOT SELL IT
- Feel free to swap in the logos into programs
- I may grant permission to people for these to be used in commercial projects on a case by case basis
